README.md, before:

# Project Title

## Description of the Project

Briefly describe what this Java console application does. Mention its purpose and who the intended users are. Explain the main functionality and what problems it aims to solve.

## User Stories

List the user stories that guided the development of your application. Format these stories as: "As a [type of user], I want [some goal] so that [some reason]."

- As a user, I want to view a menu, so that I can navigate to anywhere I want within the application.
- As a user, I want to deposit, so that I can keep track of all the incoming money, the date when I added
the money, description and name of the vendor.
- As a user, I want to make payment, so that I can keep track of the money I need to pay off, the date,
description and name of the vendor.
- As a user, I want to exit the application, so that I can close the application whenever I want to.
- As a user, I want to view all entries, so that I can see my transaction history.
- As a user, I want to have the options to either only see incoming money or the money I need to pay, so that I can have
the option to only view incoming money or money I need to pay off.

## Setup
  
![gif startup](https://s7.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-7f7197995cf973.gif)

### Prerequisites

- IntelliJ IDEA: Ensure you have IntelliJ IDEA installed, which you can download from [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/).
- Java SDK: Make sure Java SDK is installed and configured in IntelliJ.

### Running the Application in IntelliJ

Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Open IntelliJ IDEA.
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
3. After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
4. Find the main class with the `public static void main(String[] args)` method.
5. Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.

## Technologies Used

- Java: JDK 17
- Build System: Maven

## Demo

![gif demo](https://s2.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-2a78a55dba0c71.gif)

## Future Work

- styling 
- time filters

## Resources

- [Stackoverflow](https://www.examphttps://stackoverflow.com/questions)
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [Spring Framework Guru](https://springframework.guru/)


## Team Members

- Raymond - Project Management

## Thanks

- Thank you to Raymond for continuous support and guidance.
- A special thanks to all teammates for their dedication and teamwork.

Commit message:

added the project title and description of the project in README

README.md, after:

# Project Title

Financial Tracker Management Tool

## Description of the Project

This java console application is a financial management tool made to track incoming money and expenses. Main funcionality
of this application is to allow the users to review their amount of money added and money spent with date, time, descriptions
and the vendor of the transaction displayed in a reverse chronological order.

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to view a menu, so that I can navigate to anywhere I want within the application.
- As a user, I want to deposit, so that I can keep track of all the incoming money, the date when I added
the money, description and name of the vendor.
- As a user, I want to make payment, so that I can keep track of the money I need to pay off, the date,
description and name of the vendor.
- As a user, I want to exit the application, so that I can close the application whenever I want to.
- As a user, I want to view all entries, so that I can see my transaction history.
- As a user, I want to have the options to either only see incoming money or the money I need to pay, so that I can have
the option to only view incoming money or money I need to pay off.

## Setup
  

![gif startup](https://s7.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-7f7197995cf973.gif)

### Prerequisites

- IntelliJ IDEA: Ensure you have IntelliJ IDEA installed, which you can download from [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/).
- Java SDK: Make sure Java SDK is installed and configured in IntelliJ.

### Running the Application in IntelliJ

Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Open IntelliJ IDEA.
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
3. After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
4. Find the main class with the `public static void main(String[] args)` method.
5. Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.

## Technologies Used

- Java: JDK 17
- Build System: Maven

## Demo

![gif demo](https://s2.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-2a78a55dba0c71.gif)

## Future Work

- styling 
- time filters

## Resources

- [Stackoverflow](https://www.examphttps://stackoverflow.com/questions)
- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [Spring Framework Guru](https://springframework.guru/)


## Team Members

- Raymond - Project Management

## Thanks

- Thank you to Raymond for continuous support and guidance.
- A special thanks to all teammates for their dedication and teamwork.
